the games in survival mode why would you
do that I'm gonna sport a creeper here
so if you haven't heard minecraft has
had a bit of a resurgence lately
instead of getting four-night youtubers
am i recommended it's over paid Swedish
men creating giant meatballs in
Minecraft I introduce to you
their giant meatball so I thought how do
I jump on this trend without destroying
my entire channel instead of me making a
Minecraft video I let you guys make a
Minecraft video for me a couple of weeks
ago I made a few posts on social saying
I'm making a minecraft server
come and join do whatever you want there
are no rules the goal was to visit a
couple hours every day to see the
progression of society and collapse so
without further ado this is what
happened when I let my fans go sicko
mode on a minecraft server for an entire
week
[Music]
so we're gonna start off on Monday
Monday is the fact God created the earth
and the day I created this minecraft
server so as you can see it's a pretty
normal server
I really wouldn't say anything sticks
out so I've just made the post on social
now and I think we've got two people
that have joined this is my Adam and Eve
please don't eat the apple one of them
has a call me Carson's skin and the
other as a Shattuck time skin yeah it's
been about five minutes since they've
joined none of them have found diamonds
I'm incredibly disappointed they are all
a failure
and clearly we need to start over I'm
just gonna spawn a creeper here it's
great because the guy with the Carson
skin generally has no idea that I spawn
that in he just thinks it was a random
creeper that snuck up despite the fact
that the spawn egg is right there you
know what I don't think they understands
that they've got like a guard watching
over them so and we just put a little
sign here with 22 jobs available right
I've came back to them and they've just
they're just building boats in caves
this is pretty much a hundred percent
scientific proof that they have cracked
under pressure announcement time look at
this this is epic
it's called u2's they'll be available to
buy on August 23rd made from high
quality vinyl and once they're gone
they will never be restocked they
typically sell out within ten hours so
when August 23rd comes make sure you
copy yourself one I realized after this
not much was gonna happen I needed more
people in the server so I quit minecraft
play Dark Souls 3 for about six hours
came back and just to see the mess that
happened what do they both say subscribe
to pyrocynical like I would you put the
same sign down twice man I want to know
who did this her his wife and it's just
rotten flesh has actually really messed
up that's messed up man right now I'm
happy we've got some more people in the
world someone made two diamond blocks
the game is in survival mode why would
you do that that's the worst waste of
resources I've seen in my life I'm gonna
guess it was him cuz he's blue so he's
gonna be the first to get gaming I
really am taking advantage of being an
admin here I'm like every power crazy
reddit mod ever okay so I left the
server overnight I went to sleep at my
minecraft bed when I woke up
checked on the server on Tuesday so it
looks like we have our first signs of
civilization here and of course
someone's made lava rain from the sky
right at left for 15 minutes to make a
sandwich and as soon as I come back some
brain lit has set fire to all the houses
I hope you're happy with yourself man
you get cold for Christmas if you're
that emotionally immature go watch
PewDiePie's minecraft letsplay don't
stay here we don't want you here anymore
go away so I just got a notification as
well apparently people in the server
have made like a noticeboards they want
me to Rives her oh please reach living
his pain brah true Belle Delphine's bath
for 10 diamonds pay you $10 to take it
off me
bring back Belle Delphine look man all
I'm saying is if she got suspended off
Instagram it was for a reason alright
that was divine intervention and when
you had people doing sign posts the less
imagine if people just made words out of
blocks
gamer girl P died did it feel good
though Oh bro you watch Rosco that's
epic
tick tock boys must be stopped you are
like nine months late to this bro and
now you do a tick tock video just don't
let rice come discover reddit Jesus
Christ some of these houses you've made
are not that bad I mean the nut house is
made out of kelp blocks but it's pretty
close man you get at least a sense Oh
what's this Church of Pitt are all right
yeah all right whoever made this I'm
getting you I P banned after I record
this
donations for Niall to get guys I it's
not that I'm poor I just do not want a
car the amount of times I've had to
disclose this when China burns all their
coals and gives everyone stars I'll be
laughing at you on my carbon neutral
unicycle right I've been on the server
for about three hours I'm a little bit
bored now so I'm gonna make it rough for
someone right so I'm just gonna place a
jukebox here and then I'm gonna make an
entire chamber made out of bedrock so
they can't escape and the jukebox I'll
be playing nothing but stout that is it
what ba ba ba I'm a merciful God they
can escape if they want the floor is
made out of glass and below that glass
is lava
so they have two choices listen to
starve
rest their life or end it there's only
really one option that makes sense there
now we have our victim I just want to
see how long you last no he's already
gone him he's already jumped him what
Chad you would not even let me finish my
sentence before game ending Wednesday so
it seems people on the server so it
seems that people on the server I found
a stronghold oh my god a music box you
know we got a dubois god I
ironically want this played at my
funeral all right so I found this one
guy and despite the fact that there are
about five creepers around his house
he's still trying to get in I do respect
this man's grown to half the houses on
fire but he still wants to game reenact
dead meme here yes go on then it's
amazing like how much of a loser I was
back then right just it's so sad it's so
sad I sound like the guy that reads like
you know what I will stand by this stuff
don't lie still a bomb-ass game that
game is amazing I stand by that it
doesn't look a day over 2014 so Thursday
rolls around and this is when the trolls
just mass invaded the server they
destroyed everything someone make a hot
they destroys this one makes a temple
they destroy it and then the people that
actually cared about the server and put
time into it realized they wouldn't get
anything from building so they also
trash the server so you had people
trashing the server and then people
trying to out trash the people trashing
the server I don't want to mention this
someone has made bail Delphine's gamer
girl bathua I mean look at this man it's
it's not sealed properly you've got a
bunch of people swimming around in it
it's perfect all you need now is a
couple viral diseases I like I saw I
made a little diving platform off the
edge as well I just tapped out for a
minute and oh my god they've broken the
glass the bath water is spilling into
the lake what have you done you do
realize if that bathwater touches the
ocean 95% of all sea life will die okay
someone has had the genius idea to blow
it up that is a hundred percent
respectable
you need to you need to clear the
contamination I mean after I film my
bath water video I burnt the bowl burnt
the bottle and I've burnt the boy it's
all gone how responsible would I feel if
that bath were evaporated into the
atmosphere that's like seven lumps of
coal being burnt at once guess what day
it is the one after Thursday that's
right it's Friday so Friday came around
I realized the same stuff was happening
at spawn so I decided to migrate move
more into the desert and see what people
have done there and apparently a lot of
people have actually set up in the
desert you've just got all this pixel
art of course there's a pets cop21 [__]
off someone also made a a calm part come
part of the P part it's not that that's
funny it's the garden left just standing
there like he is so proud of his work
okay that's the only good thing that's
came from the server that and destroyed
the bathroom well I'll give you I'll
give you that one
horny bell ring one horny okay there's
also this grave store maids gamers never
die they just respawn
rip Peru's channel he died after he
stopped MLG alright I'm really sick of
hearing this you you want me to try MLG
you want me to go back and do MLG hit
you know what for you I've done this
like I've done this bit like five times
I'm gonna make an MLG segment just for
you whoever made that signpost so you
can understand why if I went back to are
you ready here is
I also found an area dedicated to the
most talented artists and when I mean
talented I mean they put Peter Griffin
sane bro and there's another pet Scot
one of course of course there is at this
point in the server people have just got
so bored they're only the philosophers
of stage for example this man here they
tried to make a TNT cannon they're shoot
our TNT from the explosion of TNT some
people have also made her as your Poland
flags guys comment down below which one
of you as your Poland if you're neither
of them you're a liar
those are the only two countries in
existence I also found a bunch of
signposts in a cave she pushed her feet
across the borough walk she kept oh
don't do this to do it you Sony's gonna
claim this they will claim the words
being said so I made a brush statue
welcome to brush statue you misspelled
statue why would you make that why would
you spend your spare time to make a
brush that there's so many more crave
things you could have done but bro
someone made the fort night battle bus
you will also be IP banned when I
stopped recording this video so then I
went off for the night I came back it
was Saturday I woke up to a giant
Minecraft cigarette I feel that that's a
bit ironic
despite the minecraft player bases age
people are just putting burrows
everywhere you got the reddit logo there
oh thank god the game ago P is intact
thank goodness I was so scared that the
game of girl pee would still be damaged
someone also tried to make sands on dirt
our music very very poorly
it's literally like it's a six out of
ten at best I feel that the suffering
has gone on long enough
you know it's the weekend you should not
be indoors playing video games you
should be outdoors playing on your
switch so I had this genius idea that no
one's ever done before where I made a
bridge made out of TNT and teleported
random people to it and safe the bridge
my idea don't steal right so I'm just
gonna teleport like seven people here
they're already running I've set it up
it's too late one of them jumped there
of they've all jumped everyone note
there's someone still on the bridge you
okay he ran into the TNT he's a shad but
the thing is I did something terrible
me torturing people on the server they
realized they were being tortured and
they tried to spread the misery to other
players by making their own torture
devices for example someone here made a
bedrock pit that has nothing in it
except creepers and polar bears
it's got launched off into the air died
anyway
and then sunday arrived the day that God
rested but I did not rest because as
soon as I logged in I was awoken to the
cat in the wheelchair meme do you
remember that meme someone also put
morgues here as well legit I've just got
a list of people on my P ban and you are
never coming on the server again I'm so
bored I'm so sorry that there's nothing
left there's nothing left my brain has
gone airplane mode it's all made of
Walmart though which is great scarily
accurate actually look you know it's a
Walmart because there's children running
in the aisles and they probably gonna
pee everywhere anyways guys I hope you
enjoyed this truly epic minecraft video
I just want to try something different
if you guys enjoyed it leave a like to
say how much you love your wife I don't
know if it gets enough views I'll do
more minecraft videos I don't want to do
like her straight of let's play I want
to put a kind of spin on things
shut up videos over by my u2's end of
the giveaway just shut up
[Music]